it was held this morning at the court
extensive validation hearing
of the arrest of the four thieves they have
taken away the money column from
erg distributor of via crocetta a san
except as rebuilt by men
of the weapon the four Romanians around 3
after entering inside
a shed of a material company
mechanics present in the area
industrial have seized a
heavy vehicle used for the
transport of mechanical equipment and
a fiat panda owned by the company
that at the time was without plates
because still to be registered immediately
after they reached the service area
erg is located a short distance away e
using the heavy vehicle as a ram
have unhinged the asphalt from the
column containing the money of
automatic fuel distributor e
they loaded it on board
have moved away from the place and traveled about
you are a mile and a half away
stop to empty the safe and one
time in possession of the money have
abandoned the means to reach a
walk on the a14 motorway not far away
the alarm went off in the area of
erg service however immediately triggered
the intervention of the carabinieri of the nucleus
operational and mobile radio of broad and
san station except that arrived on
place in a few moments they have rebuilt
happened and got on the trail
of criminals managing to locate them
near the highway
at the sight of the carabinieri the criminals
in a hurry they cut the
metal fence that prevents
direct access to the 14 have
crossed the lane heading south
and once over the guard rail ed
entered the northbound lane
they boarded a lybra lance
black woman waiting for them with an accomplice
driving
meanwhile a patrol of the
traffic police subsection of
northern pescara arrived on the spot to
to support the researches of the
thugs and prevent them from doing so
use the highway as an escape route
he immediately intercepted the spear
lybra chasing after the height
of the val vibrata where she managed to
lock
during the highway escape the Romanians
they tried to get rid of the loot
consisting of about 4,000 euros but is
was immediately recovered and by another
traffic police car
arrived on the spot at the time of
stopped one of the five Romanians on board
of the lance libra managed to escape